docs: control flow API reference (#52397)
angular/angular: aio/content/blocks/core/for.md

> The `@for` repeatedly renders content of a block for each item in a collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@for` block repeatedly renders content of a block for each item in a collection.
```

@syntax

```html
@for (item of items; track item.name) {
  <li> {{ item.name }} </li>
} @empty {
  <li> There are no items. </li>
}
```

@description

> The `@for` renders content of a block in response to changes in a collection. Values to iterate over can be represented as any JavaScript [iterable](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols) but there are performance advantages of using a regular `Array`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@for` block renders its content in response to changes in a collection. Collections can be any JavaScript [iterable](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols), but there are performance advantages of using a regular `Array`.
```

You can optionally include an `@empty` section immediately after the `@for` block content. The content of the `@empty` block displays when there are no items.

<h3> track and objects identity </h3>

The value of the `track` expression determines a key used to associate array items with the views in the DOM. Having clear indication of the item identity allows Angular to execute a minimal set of DOM operations as items are added, removed or moved in a collection. 

Loops over immutable data without `trackBy` as one of the most common causes for performance issues across Angular applications. Because of the potential for poor performance, the `track` expression is required for the `@for` loops. When in doubt, using `track $index` is a good default.

> <h3> `$index` and other contextual variables </h3>

Reviewer 2: nit: use semantic MD which is easier to interpret with processors (unless @jelbourn has advised otherwise)
```suggestion
###`$index` and other contextual variables
```

Author: I was actually trying to use `###` and was getting errors - looks like @jessicajaniuk bumped into this one as well since defer guide is also using `<h3>`. Didn't dig into the details of what is going on here..

Inside `@for`  contents, several implicit variables are always available:

| Variable | Meaning |
| -------- | ------- |
| `$count` | Number of items in a collection iterated over |
| `$index` | Index of the current row |
| `$first` | Whether the current row is the first row |
| `$last` | Whether the current row is the last row |
| `$even` | Whether the current row index is even |
| `$odd` | Whether the current row index is odd |

These variables are always available with these names, but can be aliased via a `let` segment:

```html
@for (item of items; track item.id; let idx = $index, e = $even) {
  Item #{{ idx }}: {{ item.name }}
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: nit: I'd personally benefit from an example of the output of this code to understand what is happening better
